Feature/m0078 ddg 284 document new platform bsp connection options (#46)
MicroEJ/docs: PlatformDeveloperGuide/platformCreation.rst

      is available.

-  Click on :guilabel:`Next` button. The ``Configure platform properties`` page contains the
   identification of the MicroEJ Platform to create. Most fields are
   mandatory, you should therefore set them. Note that their values can
   be modified later on.

-  Click on :guilabel:`Finish` button. A new project ``[device]-[name]-[toolchain]`` is being created
   containing a ``[name].platform`` file. A Platform description editor shall then
   open.

-  Install `Platform Configuration Additions <https://github.com/MicroEJ/PlatformQualificationTools/trunk/framework/platform/>`_. 
   Files within the ``content`` folder have to be copied to the configuration project folder,
   by following instructions described at https://github.com/MicroEJ/PlatformQualificationTools/trunk/framework/platform/README.rst.
   
You should get a MicroEJ Platform configuration project that looks like:

.. figure:: images/platformConfigurationSkeleton.png
   :alt: MicroEJ Platform Configuration Project Skeleton
   :align: center

   MicroEJ Platform Configuration Project Skeleton

Groups / Modules Selection
==========================

> Group

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

`Group` is probably a mistake, the sentence doesn't make sense with it.

From the Platform description editor, select the Content tab to access
the Platform modules selection. Modules can be selected/deselected from
the Modules frame.

Modules are organized into groups. When a group is selected, by default,
all its modules are selected. To view the modules making up a group,
click on the Show/Hide modules icon on the top-right of the frame. This
will let you select/deselect on a per module basis. Note that individual
module selection is not recommended.

The description and contents of an item (group or module) are displayed
beside the list on item selection.

All the checked modules will be installed in the Platform.

> 

Reviewer: Maybe add a screenshot with the `Content` tab opened.

Author: done

``[name].platform`` file) can contain an optional ``dropins`` folder.
The contents of this folder will be copied integrally into the final
Platform. This feature allows to add some additional libraries, tools
etc. into the Platform.

The dropins folder organization should respect the final Platform files
and folders organization. For instance, the tools are located in the
sub-folder ``tools``. Launch a Platform build without the dropins folder
to see how the Platform files and folders organization is. Then fill the
dropins folder with additional features and build again the Platform to
obtain an advanced Platform.

The dropins folder files are kept in priority. If one file has the same
path and name as another file already installed into the Platform, the
dropins folder file will be kept.

Modifying one of these files requires to build the Platform again.

.. _bsp_connection:

BSP Connection
==============

Principle
---------

Using a MicroEJ Platform, the user can compile a MicroEJ Application on that Platform. 
The result of this compilation is a ``microejapp.o`` file.

This file has to be linked with the MicroEJ Platform runtime file (``microejruntime.a``) 

> and a third-party C project, called the Board Support Package (BSP) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and a third-party C project, called the Board Support Package (BSP) ,
```

to obtain the final binary file (MicroEJ Firmware).
For more information, please consult the :ref:`MicroEJ build process overview <build_process_overview>`.

> BSP connection consists in defining the 4 folders where are located:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The BSP Connection can be configured by defining 4 folders where the following files are located:
```

Reviewer: Isn't there 5 folders?

* microejapp.relative.dir
* microejlib.relative.dir
* microejinc.relative.dir
* microejscript.relative.dir
* root.dir

Author: no there are 4 folders, maybe defined with these 5 options (4 relative + 1 absolute) or by 4 absolute application options

- MicroEJ Application file (``microejapp.o``).
- MicroEJ Platform runtime file (``microejruntime.a``, also available in the Platform ``lib`` folder).
- MicroEJ Platform header files (``*.h``, also available in the Platform ``include`` folder).
- BSP project :ref:`build script <bsp_connection_build_script>` file (``build.bat`` or ``build.sh``).

Once the MicroEJ Application file (``microejapp.o``) is built, the files are then copied to these locations 
and the ``build.bat`` or ``build.sh`` file is executed to produce the final executable file (``application.out``).

.. note::

>    The final build stage to produce the executable file can be done outside MicroEJ SDK, and thus 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The final build stage to produce the executable file can be done outside of MicroEJ SDK, and thus 
```

   the BSP connection configuration is optional.
   
   BSP connection configuration is only required in the following cases:

   - Use MicroEJ SDK to produce the final executable file of a Mono-Sandbox Firmware (recommended).
   - Use MicroEJ SDK to run a :ref:`MicroEJ Testsuite <testsuite>` on device.
   - Build a Multi-Sandbox Firmware.

.. _bsp_connection_cases:

> MicroEJ provides a flexible way to configure BSP connection to target any kind of projects, teams organizations and company build flows.
> For that, BSP connection can be configured either at MicroEJ Platform level or at MicroEJ Application level (or a mix of both). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MicroEJ provides a flexible way to configure the BSP connection to target any kind of projects, teams organizations and company build flows.
The BSP connection can be configured either at MicroEJ Platform level or at MicroEJ Application level (or a mix of both). 
```

> The following list describes the 3 most common integration cases:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The 3 most common integration cases are:
```

- Case 1: No BSP connection

  The MicroEJ Platform does not know the BSP at all.

>   BSP connection can be configured when building the MicroEJ Application (options with absolute paths).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  BSP connection can be configured when building the MicroEJ Application (folders defined with absolute paths).
```

The name `options` isn't used before. I think that either we mention it ealier when we introduce the 4 (or 5) folders to define, or use the term `folder` instead.

Reviewer: Ok, so the options are described a bit later. The remark still stands: it's confusing to use the term `options` before it is defined. I think all the mentions to options in the overview should be removed. How to configure each option is described later.

Author: I will reuse terms of the schematic, without speaking about "options"

  .. figure:: images/bsp-connection-cases-none.png
     :alt: MicroEJ Platform with no BSP connection
     :align: center
     :scale: 75 %

     MicroEJ Platform with no BSP connection

  This case is recommended when:

  - the MicroEJ Firmware is built outside MicroEJ SDK.
  - the same MicroEJ Platform is intended to be reused on multiple BSP projects which do not share the same structure.

- Case 2: Partial BSP connection
  
  The MicroEJ Platform knows how the BSP is structured.

>   BSP connection is configured when building the MicroEJ Platform options (options with relative paths within the BSP), 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  BSP connection is configured when building the MicroEJ Platform folders (folders with relative paths within the BSP), 
```

>   and the BSP root location is configured when building the MicroEJ Application (option with absolute path).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  and the BSP root location is configured when building the MicroEJ Application (folder with absolute path).
```

>   BSP connection is configured when building the MicroEJ Platform options (options with relative paths within the BSP), 
>   and the BSP root location is configured when building the MicroEJ Application (option with absolute path).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  BSP connection is configured when building the MicroEJ Platform, 
  and the BSP root location is configured when building the MicroEJ Application.
```

Author: I will reuse terms of the schematic, without speaking about "options"

  .. figure:: images/bsp-connection-cases-partial.png
     :alt: MicroEJ Platform with partial BSP connection
     :align: center
     :scale: 75 %

     MicroEJ Platform with partial BSP connection

  This case is recommended when:
  
  - the MicroEJ Platform is used to build one MicroEJ Application on top of one BSP. 
  - the Application and BSP are slightly coupled, thus making a change in the BSP just require to rebuild the firmware.

- Case 3: Full BSP connection
  
  The MicroEJ Platform includes its BSP.

>   BSP connection is configured when building MicroEJ Platform options (options with relative paths within the Platform and the BSP), 
>   No BSP path need to be configured when building the MicroEJ Application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  BSP connection is configured when building MicroEJ Platform folders (folders with relative paths within the Platform and the BSP), 
  No BSP path needs to be configured when building the MicroEJ Application.
```

>   No BSP path need to be configured when building the MicroEJ Application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  No BSP path needs to be configured when building the MicroEJ Application.
```

>   BSP connection is configured when building MicroEJ Platform options (options with relative paths within the Platform and the BSP), 
>   No BSP path need to be configured when building the MicroEJ Application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  BSP connection is configured when building MicroEJ Platform options.
  No BSP path needs to be configured when building the MicroEJ Application.
```

Author: I will reuse terms of the schematic, without speaking about "options"

      microejlib.relative.dir=[relative_path]
      microejinc.relative.dir=[relative_path]
      microejscript.relative.dir=[relative_path]   

    Application Options:
      deploy.bsp.root.dir=[absolute_path]
      deploy.bsp.microejscript=true

- Full BSP connection, executable file built using MicroEJ SDK
  :: 

    Platform Options:
      microejapp.relative.dir=[relative_path]
      microejlib.relative.dir=[relative_path]
      microejinc.relative.dir=[relative_path]
      microejscript.relative.dir=[relative_path]
      root.dir=[absolute_path]

    Application Options:
      deploy.bsp.microejscript=true

.. _bsp_connection_build_script:

Build Script File
-----------------

The BSP build script file is responsible to invoke the third-party C toolchain (compiler and linker)
to produce the final executable file (``application.out``).

The build script must implement the following specification:

- On Windows operating system, it is a Windows batch file named ``build.bat``.
- On Mac OS X or Linux operating systems, it is a shell script named ``build.sh``, with execution permission enabled.
- On build error, the script must end with a non zero exit code.

> - On success, the executable must be copied to the file ``application.out`` in the directory from
>   where the script has been executed. Then the script must end with zero exit code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- On success

  - The executable must be copied to the file ``application.out`` in the directory from
  where the script has been executed.
  - The script must end with zero exit code.
```
